doc(rider): Added matrix of supported platforms for Rider (#4546)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/get-started-rider.md

# Getting Started on JetBrains Rider

## Prerequisites
* [**Rider Version 2020.2+**](https://www.jetbrains.com/rider/download/)
* [**Rider Xamarin Android Support Plugin**](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12056-rider-xamarin-android-support/) (you may install it directly from Rider)

## Rider Platforms support

|                       | Windows (UWP/WinUI) | Android | iOS  | Wasm | macOS | Skia-GTK | Skia-WPF |
| --------------------- | ------------------- | ------- | ---- | ---- | ----- | -------- | -------- |
| **Rider for Linux**   | ❌                   | ✔️       | ❌    | ✔️**  | ❌     | ✔️        | ❌        |
| **Rider for Mac**     | ❌                   | ✔️       | ✔️    | ✔️**  | ✔️     | ✔️**      | ❌        |
| **Rider for Windows** | ✔️                   | ✔️       | ✔️**  | ✔️**  | ❌     | ✔️        | ✔️        |

** Notes:

> * **Debugging Wasm**: debugging from the IDE is not available yet on Rider.  But you can use the [chromium in-browser debugger](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Wasm.Bootstrap#how-to-use-the-browser-debugger) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Debugging Wasm**: debugging from the IDE is not available yet on Rider.  But you can use the [Chromium in-browser debugger](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Wasm.Bootstrap#how-to-use-the-browser-debugger) instead.
```

  To start the app from the IDE (using the "Run" button), **dotnet 3.1** must be installed on the machine:

  ``` bash
  # dotnet 3.1 runtime is required to launch Wasm app from Rider
  # For Ubuntu, use apt install like that:
  sudo apt install dotnet-runtime-3.1
  ```

>   For mac, you should install it [from here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/thank-you/runtime-aspnetcore-3.1.10-macos-x64-binaries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For Mac, you should install it [from here](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/thank-you/runtime-aspnetcore-3.1.10-macos-x64-binaries).
```

* **Skia-GTK on Mac**: you need to make sure to install `gtk+3` package using the following command line:
  
  ```bash
  brew install gtk+3
  ```

> * **iOS on Windows**: need a mac and the the emulator will open on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **iOS on Windows**: An attached Mac is needed, the iOS simulator will open on the Mac.
```
